DualEndpoint : priormodel: no visible binding for global variable
'log.betaZ'
DualEndpoint : priormodel: no visible binding for global variable
'precW'
DualEndpoint : priormodel: no visible global function definition for
'pow'
DualEndpoint : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'nObs'
DualEndpoint : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'betaZ'
DualEndpoint : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable 'x'
DualEndpoint : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'betaW'
DualEndpoint : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'xLevel'
DualEndpoint : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'precW'
DualEndpoint : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable 'z'
DualEndpointBeta : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'nGrid'
DualEndpointBeta : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'doseGrid'
DualEndpointEmax : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'nGrid'
DualEndpointEmax : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'doseGrid'
DualEndpointRW : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'betaWintercept'
DualEndpointRW : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'nGrid'
DualEndpointRW : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'delta'
DualEndpointRW : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'deltaStart'
DualEndpointRW : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'delta2'
EffFlexi : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'Effsamples'
LogisticKadane : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'nObs'
LogisticKadane : <anonymous>: no visible global function definition for
'logit<-'
LogisticKadane : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'rho0'
LogisticKadane : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'x'
LogisticLogNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'nObs'
LogisticLogNormal : <anonymous>: no visible global function definition
for 'logit<-'
LogisticLogNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'alpha0'
LogisticLogNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'alpha1'
LogisticLogNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'x'
LogisticLogNormal : <anonymous>: no visible global function definition
for 'inverse'
LogisticLogNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'priorCov'
LogisticLogNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'theta'
LogisticLogNormalSub : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'nObs'
LogisticLogNormalSub : <anonymous>: no visible global function
definition for 'logit<-'
LogisticLogNormalSub : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'alpha0'
LogisticLogNormalSub : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'alpha1'
LogisticLogNormalSub : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'x'
LogisticLogNormalSub : <anonymous>: no visible global function
definition for 'inverse'
LogisticLogNormalSub : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'priorCov'
LogisticLogNormalSub : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'theta'
LogisticNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'nObs'
LogisticNormal : <anonymous>: no visible global function definition for
'logit<-'
LogisticNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'alpha0'
LogisticNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'alpha1'
LogisticNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'x'
LogisticNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'theta'
LogisticNormal : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable
'prec'
LogisticNormalFixedMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'nObs'
LogisticNormalFixedMixture : <anonymous>: no visible global function
definition for 'logit<-'
LogisticNormalFixedMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'alpha0'
LogisticNormalFixedMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'alpha1'
LogisticNormalFixedMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'x'
LogisticNormalFixedMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'theta'
LogisticNormalMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'nObs'
LogisticNormalMixture : <anonymous>: no visible global function
definition for 'logit<-'
LogisticNormalMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'alpha0'
LogisticNormalMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'alpha1'
LogisticNormalMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'x'
LogisticNormalMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'comp0'
LogisticNormalMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'w'
LogisticNormalMixture : <anonymous>: no visible binding for global
variable 'theta'
examine,RuleDesign: no visible binding for global variable 'DLTs'
nextBest,NextBestDualEndpoint-numeric-Samples-DualEndpoint-Data: no
visible binding for global variable 'x'
nextBest,NextBestDualEndpoint-numeric-Samples-DualEndpoint-Data: no
visible binding for global variable 'y'
nextBest,NextBestMTD-numeric-Samples-Model-Data: no visible binding for
global variable 'x'
nextBest,NextBestNCRM-numeric-Samples-Model-Data: no visible binding
for global variable 'x'
nextBest,NextBestNCRM-numeric-Samples-Model-Data: no visible binding
for global variable 'y'
nextBest,NextBestTD-numeric-missing-LogisticIndepBeta-Data: no visible
binding for global variable 'x'
nextBest,NextBestTD-numeric-missing-LogisticIndepBeta-Data: no visible
binding for global variable 'y'
nextBest,NextBestTD-numeric-missing-LogisticIndepBeta-Data: no visible
binding for global variable 'group'
nextBest,NextBestTD-numeric-missing-LogisticIndepBeta-Data: no visible
global function definition for 'annotate'
nextBest,NextBestTDsamples-numeric-Samples-LogisticIndepBeta-Data: no
visible binding for global variable 'x'
nextBest,NextBestTDsamples-numeric-Samples-LogisticIndepBeta-Data: no
visible global function definition for 'annotate'
plotDualResponses,ModelTox-missing-ModelEff-missing: no visible binding
for global variable 'x'
plotDualResponses,ModelTox-missing-ModelEff-missing: no visible binding
for global variable 'y'
plotDualResponses,ModelTox-missing-ModelEff-missing: no visible binding
for global variable 'group'
plotGain,ModelTox-Samples-ModelEff-Samples: no visible binding for
global variable 'x'
plotGain,ModelTox-Samples-ModelEff-Samples: no visible binding for
global variable 'y'
plotGain,ModelTox-Samples-ModelEff-Samples: no visible binding for
global variable 'group'
plotGain,ModelTox-missing-ModelEff-missing: no visible binding for
global variable 'x'
plotGain,ModelTox-missing-ModelEff-missing: no visible binding for
global variable 'y'
plotGain,ModelTox-missing-ModelEff-missing: no visible binding for
global variable 'group'
plotGain,ModelTox-missing-ModelEff-missing: no visible global function
definition for 'annotate'
stopTrial,StoppingTargetBiomarker-numeric-Samples-DualEndpoint-ANY :
  <anonymous>: no visible binding for global variable 'probSamples'